com.appsforchange.taxi.MainActivity
com.appsforchange.taxi.MainActivity: MainActivity()
com.appsforchange.taxi.R$dimen: int activity_horizontal_margin
com.appsforchange.taxi.R$dimen: int activity_vertical_margin
com.appsforchange.taxi.R$drawable: int background
com.appsforchange.taxi.R$drawable: int ic_launcher
com.appsforchange.taxi.R$drawable: int taxi_button
com.appsforchange.taxi.R$drawable: int taxi_button_alt
com.appsforchange.taxi.R$drawable: int web_hi_res_512
com.appsforchange.taxi.R$id: int action_settings
com.appsforchange.taxi.R$id: int imageButton
com.appsforchange.taxi.R$id: int textView
com.appsforchange.taxi.R$layout: int activity_main
com.appsforchange.taxi.R$menu: int main
com.appsforchange.taxi.R$string: int action_settings
com.appsforchange.taxi.R$string: int app_name
com.appsforchange.taxi.R$string: int contentDescription
com.appsforchange.taxi.R$string: int query
com.appsforchange.taxi.R$string: int queryResult
com.appsforchange.taxi.R$string: int taxiText
com.appsforchange.taxi.R$string: int toast1
com.appsforchange.taxi.R$string: int toast2
com.appsforchange.taxi.R$style: int AppBaseTheme
com.appsforchange.taxi.R$style: int AppTheme
